Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now so far we've seen several different types of arguments including position on an arbitrary.
Now we do have to believe we're implied and to mix those two together.
So we want the function to accept several different kinds of arguments the parameters that can accept
arbitrary numbers of arguments must be placed last.
So as we saw in our last one we had airplane requests from a passenger.
So we would have to put asterisks request last in our parameters list.
So we'll see how that looks now in a second what pite and then does is it match just a position on keyword
arguments and then connects the remaining arguments in the final parameter.
So let's have a look at how we would do that.
So as always the f you can see my comments at the top positional arbitrary arguments together.
So what we're going to do here now is we're going to push our passenger request on a seat number to
get it.
So let's do that now.
So we're going to assign seat.
So we have seats and then we will have requests
as always with our clients
assign a seat and requests
to a passenger.
OK close that off now.
So print
backslash newline the sign seat and what we'll do now is because seat is going to be a number.
So they say assigned seats base plus we'd have to change that's seat number into a string string seat
plus
Fahlman Quest's.
Plus don't forget your quotes to make this back into a string assigned seat number actually put seat
number into us so assigned seat number
took up his seat number 0 0 1 the following passenger
requests.
OK there we go and close that off.
So for request in request.
So like we had in the last lecture
Prince
hyphen class request
and now what we need to do is we need to call our definitions so sign seat get a seat number of bombs
my birthday yesterday.
Thirty six.
Not saying anything about my age and let's give them a window seat.
OK.
Let's see if that works.
There we go.
Assigned seat number 36 the following passenger request a window seat.
So once again we can build on the previous lectures that we've done and we can look at building up a
complete program as we move to all these functions.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.